--- obsfile (string) ---
Name of file containing the observed line list.


--- calcfile (string) ---
Name of file containing the calculated line list.


--- calcIthresh (double) ---
Lower threshold for calculated lines' intensities to be included in the optimal matching.
For example, using calcIthresh 5.0e-24 will ensure all calculated lines with intensities stronger than 5.0e-24 will be included in the matching.
Default value 1.0e-40


--- obsIthresh (double) ---
Lower threshold for observed lines' intensities to be included in the optimal matching.
For example, using obsIthresh 5.0e-24 will ensure all observed lines with intensities stronger than 5.0e-24 will be included in the matching.
Takes real value.
Default value 1.0e-40


--- obsrange (double) ---
Spectral region of observed line list, given in wavenumbers, for which optimal matching is to be performed.
For example, obsrange 9120 9720 indicates that lines in the observed line list within the wavenumber region 9120 and 9720 are to be included
in the matching. Should be slightly smaller than calcrange.
Default value 0 50000


--- calcrange (double) ---
Spectral region of calculated line list, given in wavenumbers, for which optimal matching is to be performed.
For example, calcrange 9120 9720 indicates that lines in the calculated line list within the wavenumber region 9120 and 9720 are to be included
in the matching. Should be slightly larger than obsrange.
Default value 0 50000


--- GSCD ---
If keyword is found in input file then GSCDs will be performed. If not found then no GSCDs will be performed and the program will stop after one iteration
of the optimal matching.


--- CDthresh (double/string) ---
Estimated experimental uncertainty in wavenumbers.
Takes a real value OR the string 'read' if uncertainty is to be read line-by-line from observed line list.
Default value 0.005


--- Iratio (double) ---
Used to define ratio of I_obs/I_calc * I_obsmatch/I_calcmatch (or I_calc/I_obs * I_calcmatch/I_obsmatch) that a GSCD partner may fall within.
For example, if Iratio = 0.5, and an observed line with intensity I_obsmatch is matched to a calculated line with intensity I_calcmatch for which 
I_obsmatch/I_calcmatch = 0.75, then GSCD partners may fall within 0.75*0.5=0.375 and 0.75*(1/0.5)=1.5.
Default value 0.333333


--- numGSCDs (int) ---
Number of ground state combination difference (GSCD) partners (in addition to the original match) required for a GSCD set to be considered validated.
Default value 1


--- conflicts (string) ---
Originally meant to define how user wanted to deal with conflicts between matching and GSCD assignments.
Not used. Currently GSCD partners always take precedence over matches that conflict with them.


--- verbose (int) ---
Indicates the level of verbosity. 
Takes integer value between 1 and ???


--- Nquanta (int) ---
The number of upper state and lower state quantum numbers used to uniquely define each transition. Required to perform GSCDs.
Default value 0


--- maxiter (int) ---
Number of cycles of the optimal assignment + GSCDs procedures the code will perform.
Default value 1


--- readmatches (string) --- introduced version 4-11
If keyword is found in the input file then the initial matching will be read from a file. The name of the file is to follow the keyword readmatches.


--- matching print ---
If these keywords are found in the input file then all observed lines and calculated lines that fall within the thresholds defined by obsrange, calcrange,
obsIthresh and calcIthresh (i.e. all lines to be included in the matching), will be written to files <obsfile>.matching and <calcfile>.matching, where 
<obsfile> and <calcfile> are the names of the experimental and theoretical line list files respectively.

--- matchinfo (string) ---
Can take values all/obs/calc. Prints all obs and/or calc line information with the matching.
Default value is neither is printed


--- costcoeff (double) ---
Coefficient of intensity term in cost matrix.
Default value 0.5